# C-PROGRAMMING

Q01.Write a C Program to Print Welcome. Q02.Write a C Program to Print the given word. Q03.Write a C Program to Print the given Message. Q04.Write a C Program to print the given integer number. Q05.Write a C Program to print the given fractional number. Q06.Write a C Program to print the given fractional number in 2 digit decimal format. Q07.Write a C Program to print given integer number in Hexadecimal format. Q08.Write a C Program to print given integer number in octal format. Q09.Write a C Program to print given hexadecimal number in integer format. Q10.Write a C Program to print given octal number in integer format. Q11.Write a C Program to print the ASCII value of a character. Q12.Write a C Program to print the character for given ASCII value. Q13.Write a C Program to print two numbers with a space between them. Q14.Write a C Program to print two numbers with a tab space between them. Q15.Write a C Program to print two numbers in two lines. Q16.Write a C Program to print a character in single quotes. Q17.Write a C Program to print two words in double quotes. Q18.Write a C Program to print your date of birth in the format DD/MM/YYYY. Q19.Write a C Program to print an integer with a plus sign (+) before it. Q20.Write a C Program to print the size of char, int, float and double. Q21.Write a C Program to print your roll number and name in the format: Roll No: 123, Name: John Q22.Write a C Program to print your marks in 5 subjects each on a new line. Q23.Write a C Program to print your blood group. Q24.Write a C Program to print current time in the format HH:MM:SS. Q25.Write a C Program to print your address in multiple lines using \n. Q26.Write a C Program to print sum of two numbers. Q27.Write a C Program to print difference of two numbers. Q28.Write a C Program to print product of two numbers. Q29.Write a C Program to print Quoficient of two numbers. Q30.Write a C Program to print remainder of two numbers. Q31.Write a C Program to Swap two numbers using third variable. Q32.Write a C Program to Swap of two numbers without using third variable. Q33.Write a C Program to print the last digit of given number N. Q34.Write a C Program to print the all digits Except last digit of given number N. Q35.Write a C Program to print the sum of the first and last digit of a 3-digit number. Q36.Write a C Program to print the middle digit of a 3-digit number. Q37.Write a C Program to print the absolute value of a given number. Q38.Write a C Program to print the square of a given number. Q39.Write a C Program to print the cube of a given number. Q40.Write a C Program to calculate the average of three numbers. Q41.Write a C Program to check whether two numbers are equal True if equal else False. Q42.Write a C Program to check if a number is power of 2 using bitwise AND. Q43.Write a C Program to print whether a number is positive or negative. Q44.Write a C Program to find the greatest of three numbers. Q45.Write a C Program to print pass/fail result based on marks. Q46.Write a C Program to find area of Rectangle. Q47.Write a C Program to find area of Square. Q48.Write a C Program to find area of Triangle. Q49.Write a C Program to find area of Circle. Q50.Write a C Program to find the distance between two points. Q51.Write a C Program to calculate Fahrenheit to Celsius. Q52.Write a C Program to calculate Celsius to Fahrenheit. Q53.Write a C Program to find Perimeter of a Square. Q54.Write a C Program to find Perimeter of a Rectangle. Q55.Write a C Program to find Perimeter of a Triangle. Q56.Write a C Program to find circumference of a circle. Q57.Write a C Program to find Surface Area, Volume, and Perimeter of a cube. Q58.Write a C Program to find Surface Area and Volume of a cuboid. Q59.Write a C Program to find Surface Area and Volume of a Sphere. Q60.Write a C Program to find Surface Area and Volume of a cylinder. Q61.Write a C Program to print Price After Discount. Q62.Write a C Program to Convert Minutes to Seconds. Q63.Write a C Program to Split the Bill Among 3 Friends. Q64.Write a C Program to Calculate the Distance Travelled. Q65.Write a C Program to Convert Kilometers to Meters. Q66.Write a C Program to Convert Bytes to bits. Q67.Write a C Program to Distribute Candies Equally Among People. Q68.Write a C Program to Calculate Total Cakes Made. Q69.Write a C Program to Calculate Simple Interest. Q70.Write a C Program to calculate Salary of Employee. Q71.Write a C Program to calculate selling price given cost price and profit. Q72.Write a C Program to calculate cost price given selling price and loss. Q73.Write a C Program to Mangoes Discount (Buy 3 Get 1 Free) Find Total Amount need to pay. Q74.Write a C Program to Pens Discount (Buy 5, Pay for 3) Find Total Amount need to pay. Q75.Write a C Program to Print Currency Notes from ATM. Q76.Write a C Program to find greatest among two numbers. Q77.Write a C Program to find smallest among two numbers. Q78.Write a C Program to find whether the given number is odd or even number. Q79.Write a C Program to find whether the difference between two numbers is even or odd. Q80.Write a C Program to find whether the given number is 3 digit number or not. Q81.Write a C Program to find greatest among three numbers. Q82.Write a C rogram to find smallest among three numbers. Q83.Write a C Program to find whether the last digit of given number is divisible by 3. Q84.Write a C Program to check odd or even using bitwise operator. Q85.Write a C Program to check whether the sum of two numbers is even or odd. Q86.Write a C Program to check whether the first digit of a 3 digit number is odd or even. Q87.Write a C Program to check whether the last digit of a number is odd or even. Q88.Write a C Program to check whether a number is positive, negative, or zero. Q89.Write a C Program to check whether a number is divisible by both 3 and 5. Q90.Write a C Program to check whether a number is divisible by either 3 or 7. Q91.Write a C Program to check whether a number is divisible by both 2 and 5 but not by 8. Q92.Write a C Program to check whether two numbers have the same last digit. Q93.Write a C Program to check whether a number is a single-digit, two-digit, or three-digit number. Q94.Write a C Program to check whether the product of two numbers is positive or negative. Q95.Write a C Program to check whether the ASCII value of a character is even or odd. Q96.Write a C Program to check whether a given character is a vowel or consonant. Q97.Write a C Program to check whether a given character is uppercase, lowercase, digit, or special symbol. Q98.Write a C Program to check whether a character is alphabet or not. Q99.Write a C Program to check whether a character is a digit or not. Q100.Write a C Program to check whether two characters are equal or not.
